# Needlessly Complex Pomodoro
A bash script warper for `zenity` that has no right being this convoluted.

## What is this?
This:
```bash
#!/bin/bash

INTERVAL_1=25
INTERVAL_2=5

zenity \
    --question \
    --title="Pomodoro" \
    --text="Let's start!" \
    --ok-label="Ok ($INTERVAL_1 mins)" || exit

while true; do
    sleep "${INTERVAL_1}m"
    zenity \
        --question \
        --title="Pomodoro" \
        --text="Break time!" \
        --ok-label="Ok ($INTERVAL_2 mins)" || break
    sleep "${INTERVAL_2}m"
    zenity \
        --question \
        --title="Pomodoro" \
        --text="Work time!" \
        --ok-label="Ok ($INTERVAL_1 mins)" || break
done
```
...But the dev just kept on throwing bells and whistles on top of it until the line count exceeded 250! 

## "Features"
* **Configurable values**
    * **Like all of them.** Don't like the value of a variable? Override it at your terminal session or in the `.env`.

    * **Literally infinite intervals.** No arbitrary limits here! 3? 5? 152? 1? Just define more `POMO_INTERVAL_*` variables!

* **Desktop integration:** Want your pomodoro accessible in your application menu? Your local binary folder? Just run the [installation wizard](./install.bash).

* **Code by human** ~~...which explains all the abominations in there to be honest...~~**:**
    * All elbow grease from an overachiever. No AI tampering with code here. 
        * The **[`./resources`](./resources)** folder, on the other hand... (see [licensing](#licensing))

* **Randomized Button Labels**
    * 450+ randomized labels for the buttons, titles, and text, generated by Claude 3.7 Sonnet, ranging from Rawr xD random l337sp34k to modern Skibidi ohio references
    * User extendable too (if you are willing to put up with *the horrors*)
* **(Next to) 0 dependencies:** see next section.

## Requirements:
### Are you running modern Ubuntu?
Then yes, it'll run.
### For everyone else:
* A modern version of **`zenity`** (No support for `kdialog`, yet).
* A modern version of **`bash`**.
* (Optional) `gio` for the uninstallation to move the files to the trash instead of falling back to the scary `rm -r`.

## Running:
* Open this folder in terminal, type `bash [script name here].bash`.
* Or give the script executable permission (there's so much guide online), right click → (some variant of "Run this as a program...")

## Licensing:
* With exceptions to the contents in [`./resources`](./resources), all code are written by a human and is available under the [MIT License](./LICENSE).
* Contents of the files in [`./resources`](./resources) was AI generated by the LLM Claude 3.7 Sonnet with very little human input relative to the output and should be inapplicable for copyright (See [LICENSE-DATA](./LICENSE-DATA)).

## [ TODO ]
- [ ] Add .gifs
- [ ] Fix Sonnet's semi broken svg icon